---
layout: page
title: Jai Lulla's Project Portfolio Page
---

### Project: CohortConnect

CohortConnect - CohortConnect is an advanced desktop address book which facilitates networking among Computer Science (CS) students. It is optimized for use via a Command Line Interface (CLI) while still having the benefits of a Graphical User Interface (GUI).

Given below are my contributions to the project.

* **New Feature**: Created a Welcome Splash Screen.
  * What it does: When the app is launched, the user is greeted with a Welcome Splash Screen.
  * Justification: To enhance the overall experience with the app.
  * Highlights: It shows our app logo and motto with a typewriter and fading effect.
  * Credits: *JavaFX library is utilized.*

* **New Feature**: Created the Profile Setup Window.
  * What it does: When the app is launched for the first time, the user is requested to enter their credentials including Name, Telegram Handle and GitHub Username.
  * Justification: In order for the user to take full advantage of the Find a Buddy feature, they have to provide these details.
  * Highlights: The app logo is shown beside Text Fields, which almost blends in the dark themed UI.
  * Credits: *JavaFX library is utilized.*

* **New Feature**: Created the User Profile Window.
  * What it does: Users can view their profiles by either using the keyboard shortcut `Command/Ctrl + P` or by clicking on their name in the Menu Bar (in the top right).
  * Justification: In order for the user to view and verify their entered Credentials are correct.
  * Highlights: The Users GitHub Profile Picture is shown beside their Credentials.
  * Credits: *JavaFX library is utilized.*

* **New Feature**: Add a keyboard shortcut that allows the user to open the User Profile Window via `Command/Ctrl + P`.

* **New Feature**: Created a GitHub Utility Class.
  * What it does: This class helps in retrieving Users' Data from GitHub. This data includes: Number of Languages, Number and Name of Repositories and Their Profile Pictures.
  * Justification: The Find a Buddy feature relies on this data for matching Users.
  * Highlights: All this data is obtained by Web Scraping.
  * Credits: [Atin Sakkeer Hussain](https://github.com/crypto-code) and I contributed to this.

* **New Feature**: Integrated Profile Picture into Person Details Pane.
  * What it does: The Person Details Pane now shows the Users Profile Picture obtained from GitHub. In case a connection cannot be established or the User enters an invalid GitHub Username, a default Profile Picture would be shown.
  * Justification: To enhance the overall experience with the app.
  * Highlights: The User can now see the GitHub Profile Pictures of the contacts saved.
  * Credits: *JavaFX library is utilized.*

* **New Feature**: Integrated User Profile into the Menu Bar.
  * What it does: The Users Name and GitHub Profile Picture are shown on the Menu Bar (top right).
  * Justification: To enhance the overall experience with the app.
  * Highlights: The User can click on it to open the User Profile Window.
  * Credits: *JavaFX library is utilized.*

* **Updated Feature**: Updated the Help Window, with a better UI - a darker theme.
  * What it does: Added a list of commands supported by the app for quick access. Also added a `visit URL` button, which when clicked upon, opens the User Guide in the Web Browser.
  * Justification: This allows the user to quickly refer to any command they don't recall, without the fuss of leaving the app, and having to read the User Guide.
  * Highlights: The darker themed UI, with a red highlight when the mouse is hovered above any command, enhances the usability of the app.
  * Credits: *JavaFX library is utilized.*

* **Code contributed**: [RepoSense link](https://nus-cs2103-ay2122s1.github.io/tp-dashboard/?search=&sort=groupTitle&sortWithin=title&timeframe=commit&mergegroup=&groupSelect=groupByRepos&breakdown=true&checkedFileTypes=docs~functional-code~test-code~other&since=2021-09-17&tabOpen=true&tabType=authorship&tabAuthor=Jai2501&tabRepo=AY2122S1-CS2103T-T10-1%2Ftp%5Bmaster%5D&authorshipIsMergeGroup=false&authorshipFileTypes=docs~functional-code~test-code~other&authorshipIsBinaryFileTypeChecked=false)

* **Project management**:
  * Managed releases `v1.1` - `v1.4` (4 releases) on GitHub

* **Enhancements to existing features**:
  * Updated the GUI color scheme (Pull requests [\#33](), [\#34]())
  * Wrote additional tests for existing features to increase coverage from 88% to 92% (Pull requests [\#36](), [\#38]())

* **Documentation**:
  * User Guide:
    * Added documentation for the features `delete` and `find` [\#72]()
    * Did cosmetic tweaks to existing documentation of features `clear`, `exit`: [\#74]()
  * Developer Guide:
    * Added implementation details of the `delete` feature.

* **Community**:
  * PRs reviewed (with non-trivial review comments): [\#12](), [\#32](), [\#19](), [\#42]()
  * Contributed to forum discussions (examples: [1](), [2](), [3](), [4]())
  * Reported bugs and suggestions for other teams in the class (examples: [1](), [2](), [3]())
  * Some parts of the history feature I added was adopted by several other class mates ([1](), [2]())

* **Tools**:
  * Integrated a third party library (Natty) to the project ([\#42]())
  * Integrated a new Github plugin (CircleCI) to the team repo

* _{you can add/remove categories in the list above}_
