---
layout: page
title: Ho Wen Zhong's Project Portfolio Page
---

### Project: ContactSh

ContactSH is a **desktop app for managing contacts, optimized for use via a Command Line Interface** (CLI) while still
having the benefits of a Graphical User Interface (GUI). If you can type fast, ContactSH can get your contact management
tasks done faster than traditional GUI apps.

Given below are my contributions to the project.

* **Code contributed**: [RepoSense link](https://nus-cs2103-ay2122s1.github.io/tp-dashboard/?search=wz27&sort=groupTitle&sortWithin=title&timeframe=commit&mergegroup=&groupSelect=groupByRepos&breakdown=true&checkedFileTypes=docs~functional-code~test-code~other&since=2021-09-17)

* **New Feature**: Added the `sort` command.
    * **What it does**: Allows the user to sort contacts in alphabetical order and reverse alphabetical order of their
      names.
    * **Justification**: With a long list of contacts, the user may often want to view the contact list in a sorted
    order. Allowing the user to easily sort their contacts in alphabetical order is thus essential.
    * **Highlights**: This feature required adding a new `SortCommand` as well as a `SortCommandParser`. It also
    required modifying `ModelManager` to include a `SortedList<Person>`.
      
* **New Feature**: Added the `clear` command.
    * **What it does**: Allows the user to visually clear the contact list and task list in the GUI. Does not delete any
      contacts nor tasks.
    * **Justification**: `clear` is a core functionality in the Unix CLI. It allows the user to clear the screen of all
    output. It has been extended to ContactSH to allow the user to clear the GUI screen of any clutter that may have
      resulted from previous commands.
    * **Highlights**: This feature required adding a new `ClearCommand` that updates the `model`. In turn, changes to
    the `model` are reflected in the contact list and task list.
      
* **New Feature**: Added the `man COMMAND` functionality.
    * **What it does**: Allows the user to directly receive help about the usage and format of a command in the result
    box of ContactSH instead of in the pop-up help window.
    * **Justification**: `man COMMAND` is a core functionality in the Unix CLI. It allows the user to directly view the
    manual page of commands in the terminal. It has been extended to ContactSH to allow the user to conveniently check
      the usage and format of commands in the event that they have forgotten them.
    * **Highlights**: This feature required modifications to `HelpCommandParser` to detect when a `COMMAND` was given
    in the input (else, the help window will be opened). This feature also required modifications to `HelpCommand` to
      be able to display the help message for a command in the result box.

* **Enhancement to existing feature**: Improved syntax of all commands and flags
    * **What it does**: Allows the user to enter commands and flags in a syntax similar to the Unix CLI syntax.
    * **Justification**: Since the target user is familiar with the Unix CLI environment, it would be inconvenient
    to have to learn a new set of syntax for interacting with ContactSH. Instead, commands have been renamed to be as
      close as possible to existing Unix commands that have similar functions. Additionally, the syntax for specifying
      flags have also been modified to reflect the Unix syntax.
    * **Highlights**: This enhancement required modifications to many `Commmands` and `CommandParsers`.

* **Enhancement to existing feature**: Improved `edit` function to allow user to edit contact details and tasks
  together
    * **What it does**: Allows the user to edit the details of a contact as well as details of any tasks attached to
    the contact in one `edit` command.
    * **Justification**: There may be times when the user would like to update the detail of a contact as well as the
    detail of a task attached to that contact. It would be inconvenient for the user to have to input two separate
      `edit` commands, the first to edit the person details, and the second to edit the task details. Therefore, the
      `edit` command has been improved so that both can be edited in one `edit` command for a smoother user experience.
    * **Highlights**: This enhancement required the careful integration of `EditCommand` and `EditTaskCommand` into one
    `EditCommand`.
  
* **Documentation**:
    * User Guide:
        * Added documentation for the `sort` feature [\#26](https://github.com/AY2122S1-CS2103T-W10-1/tp/pull/26)
    
    * Developer Guide:
        * Added documentation for the improved `edit` enhancement
          [\#211](https://github.com/AY2122S1-CS2103T-W10-1/tp/pull/211)

    * ReadmeMd:
        * Updated to match ContactSh [\#25](https://github.com/AY2122S1-CS2103T-W10-1/tp/pull/25)
